I am in my school library I know exactly
typed so I just thought I'd give you a
little update I'm Anita and say and that
basically means that I am a junior but
technically in the u.s. I'm a senior but
they put me in the second years because
the third years are all studying for my
god the big university tests and stuff
so they thought it would be a better
experience if I was in the second years
so that is why there's sometimes school
on Saturdays but I don't go physical on
Saturdays because they didn't give me a
schedule for itself
I don't know sir I'm talking supply but
I'm next window the window is like
and
and baby I hope people can hear me right
now but with her every day he's made up
of seven periods and each parent is
usually only 45 minutes on Wednesdays
it's only made up of six periods and
sometimes classes 50 minutes long
depending on what's happening on that
day usually it's only for like testing
so this is my schedule yeah they're all
the red classes mean that I have free
time the classes that I take English
reading world history language arts
which is actually with the with class 23
I'm in class 26 but thank God because
it's just another English class physics
which is made to love all boys it's the
best class PE which I'm terrible at
Commedia classical Japanese English
writing oral communications which is
with the first-years
calligraphy which is again with the
first-years it's a really fun class
she had me that I said before do come to
you first but having me do hiragana
instead health and l/h which I'm not
entirely sure what l HS I think it's
just a class where they talk about their
future or something I'm not entirely
sure I look at most classes I don't have
to do anything I just sit and listen my
English classes I do participate in but
I don't get any grade
I'm not graded at all so that's right
schedule so each year is given these
slippers the first year's slippers are
red the second year's my green and the
third years of blue and everyone writes
their name right here but mine came with
a jade I don't know what um so there are
two different uniforms my school does
have uniforms and there's the summer
uniform in the winter uniform actually
just today we switched to the winter
unity
so some would say that my school is
strict for the Japanese students I don't
think it's that bad but uh there's no
jewelry allowed or makeup
no cell phone or technology type you
know iPod type use inside the school but
you can step outside of the school
during your free time and use it if you
want so there's just some basic rules
like I said before I don't really have
to do anything but there is one thing
that they're making me do which is then
run the marathon it's about 4 miles long
I will do horribly I can guarantee that
yeah that's gonna be fun I can't wait to
watch that later suddenly just recently
it started getting a lot closer
my first came to Japan it was searing
hot so hot but now it's like a lot
cooler in the morning this at night it's
gonna
yes I don't really do too much my
everytime I just read or draw or study
Japanese or sleep so I hope they've been
picking up on my Damascus references
that is bad date I hope you enjoyed and
stay tuned for more